# require list

### Name                    Version                   Build  Channel

absl-py                   2.0.0                    pypi_0    pypi
altgraph                  0.17.4                   pypi_0    pypi
astunparse                1.6.3                    pypi_0    pypi
blas                      1.0                         mkl    https://mirrors.tuna.tsinghua.edu.cn/anaconda/pkgs/free
brotli                    1.0.9                h2bbff1b_7    defaults
brotli-bin                1.0.9                h2bbff1b_7    defaults
bzip2                     1.0.8                he774522_0    defaults
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            haa95532_0    defaults
cachetools                5.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
certifi                   2023.11.17               pypi_0    pypi
charset-normalizer        3.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
colorama                  0.4.6           py310haa95532_0    defaults
contourpy                 1.2.0           py310h59b6b97_0    defaults
cycler                    0.11.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
easydict                  1.11                     pypi_0    pypi
filelock                  3.13.1                   pypi_0    pypi
flatbuffers               23.5.26                  pypi_0    pypi
fonttools                 4.25.0             pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
freetype                  2.12.1               ha860e81_0    defaults
gast                      0.5.4                    pypi_0    pypi
giflib                    5.2.1                h8cc25b3_3    defaults
google-auth               2.25.2                   pypi_0    pypi
google-auth-oauthlib      1.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
google-pasta              0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
grpcio                    1.60.0                   pypi_0    pypi
h5py                      3.10.0                   pypi_0    pypi
icc_rt                    2022.1.0             h6049295_2    defaults
icu                       73.1                 h6c2663c_0    defaults
idna                      3.6                      pypi_0    pypi
intel-openmp              2023.1.0         h59b6b97_46320    defaults
jieba                     0.42.1                   pypi_0    pypi
jinja2                    3.1.2                    pypi_0    pypi
joblib                    1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
jpeg                      9e                   h2bbff1b_1    defaults
keras                     2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
kiwisolver                1.4.4           py310hd77b12b_0    defaults
krb5                      1.20.1               h5b6d351_0    defaults
lerc                      3.0                  hd77b12b_0    defaults
libbrotlicommon           1.0.9                h2bbff1b_7    defaults
libbrotlidec              1.0.9                h2bbff1b_7    defaults
libbrotlienc              1.0.9                h2bbff1b_7    defaults
libclang                  16.0.6                   pypi_0    pypi
libclang13                14.0.6          default_h8e68704_1    defaults
libdeflate                1.17                 h2bbff1b_1    defaults
libffi                    3.4.4                hd77b12b_0    defaults
libpng                    1.6.39               h8cc25b3_0    defaults
libpq                     12.15                h906ac69_1    defaults
libtiff                   4.5.1                hd77b12b_0    defaults
libwebp                   1.3.2                hbc33d0d_0    defaults
libwebp-base              1.3.2                h2bbff1b_0    defaults
lz4-c                     1.9.4                h2bbff1b_0    defaults
markdown                  3.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
markupsafe                2.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
matplotlib                3.8.0           py310haa95532_0    defaults
matplotlib-base           3.8.0           py310h4ed8f06_0    defaults
mkl                       2023.1.0         h6b88ed4_46358    defaults
mkl-service               2.4.0           py310h2bbff1b_1    defaults
mkl_fft                   1.3.8           py310h2bbff1b_0    defaults
mkl_random                1.2.4           py310h59b6b97_0    defaults
ml-dtypes                 0.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
mpmath                    1.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
munkres                   1.1.4                      py_0    defaults
networkx                  3.2.1                    pypi_0    pypi
numpy                     1.26.2          py310h055cbcc_0    defaults
numpy-base                1.26.2          py310h65a83cf_0    defaults
oauthlib                  3.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
opencv-python             4.8.1.78                 pypi_0    pypi
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h4fc8c34_0    defaults
openssl                   3.0.12               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
opt-einsum                3.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
packaging                 23.2                     pypi_0    pypi
pandas                    2.1.4                    pypi_0    pypi
pefile                    2023.2.7                 pypi_0    pypi
pillow                    10.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pip                       23.3.1          py310haa95532_0    defaults
ply                       3.11            py310haa95532_0    defaults
protobuf                  4.23.4                   pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1                    0.5.1                    pypi_0    pypi
pyasn1-modules            0.3.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyinstaller               6.8.0                    pypi_0    pypi
pyinstaller-hooks-contrib 2024.7                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.0.9           py310haa95532_0    defaults
pyqt                      5.15.10         py310hd77b12b_0    defaults
pyqt5-sip                 12.13.0         py310h2bbff1b_0    defaults
python                    3.10.13              he1021f5_0    defaults
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd3eb1b0_0    defaults
pytz                      2023.3.post1             pypi_0    pypi
pywin32-ctypes            0.2.2                    pypi_0    pypi
qt-main                   5.15.2              h19c9488_10    defaults
requests                  2.31.0                   pypi_0    pypi
requests-oauthlib         1.3.1                    pypi_0    pypi
rsa                       4.9                      pypi_0    pypi
scikit-learn              1.3.2                    pypi_0    pypi
scipy                     1.11.4                   pypi_0    pypi
setuptools                68.0.0          py310haa95532_0    defaults
sip                       6.7.12          py310hd77b12b_0    defaults
six                       1.16.0             pyhd3eb1b0_1    defaults
sqlite                    3.41.2               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
sympy                     1.12                     pypi_0    pypi
tbb                       2021.8.0             h59b6b97_0    defaults
tensorboard               2.15.1                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorboard-data-server   0.7.2                    pypi_0    pypi
tensorboardx              2.6.2.2                  pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow                2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-estimator      2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-intel          2.15.0                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem 0.31.0                   pypi_0    pypi
termcolor                 2.4.0                    pypi_0    pypi
threadpoolctl             3.2.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tk                        8.6.12               h2bbff1b_0    defaults
tomli                     2.0.1           py310haa95532_0    defaults
torch                     2.0.0+cu118              pypi_0    pypi
torchvision               0.15.0+cu118             pypi_0    pypi
tornado                   6.3.3           py310h2bbff1b_0    defaults
tqdm                      4.66.4          py310h9909e9c_0    defaults
typing-extensions         4.9.0                    pypi_0    pypi
tzdata                    2023.3                   pypi_0    pypi
urllib3                   2.1.0                    pypi_0    pypi
vc                        14.2                 h21ff451_1    defaults
vs2015_runtime            14.27.29016          h5e58377_2    defaults
werkzeug                  3.0.1                    pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.41.2          py310haa95532_0    defaults
wrapt                     1.14.1                   pypi_0    pypi
xz                        5.4.5                h8cc25b3_0    defaults
zlib                      1.2.13               h8cc25b3_0    defaults
zstd                      1.5.5                hd43e919_0    defaults
